README.md, before:

# Metrics-F1 Driver Stats

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Metrics-F1 Driver Stats <a name="about-project"></a>

> In this project, I build a F1 Driver Stats app using react and redux.
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> This project uses the following stack :
<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js/">JavaScript</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://reactnative.dev/">React</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://redux.js.org/">Redux</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://jestjs.io/">Jest test</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Here are some key features of the application :
- **Driver categories fetch by api**
- **Drivers stats component fetch by api**
- **Use React Router to make the routes work**
- **Use Jest Snapshot for testing**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

deploy will be soon.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Clone the repository by clicking on the 'Code' button and copy the link

git@github.com:smunoz1988/metrics-react.git

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- npm install
- npm start to run the server
- npm test to run jest tests

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git@github.com:smunoz1988/metrics-react.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

- npm install
- npm start to run the server.

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:
Open the index.html file in a web browser using live server

<!--
Example command:
```sh
  rails server
```
--->

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:
Use npm test for the mock Jest

Example command:

To run the stylehint linter

```sh
  npx stylehint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

To run the ESLint linter

```sh
  npx eslint .
```

### Deployment

You can see the live version of this project using:

Deploy soon

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Santiago Munoz**

- GitHub: [@smunoz](https://github.com/smunoz1988)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Santiag24209785)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/santiago-munoz-0b2b1a260)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Inlude data from F1 Teams

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project star it!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the Microverse team.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [licensed](./LICENSE) .

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add credit to app design on README

README.md, after:

# Metrics-F1 Driver Stats

<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
    - [Tech Stack](#tech-stack)
    - [Key Features](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo](#live-demo)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
  - [Run tests](#run-tests)
  - [Deployment](#triangular_flag_on_post-deployment)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 Metrics-F1 Driver Stats <a name="about-project"></a>

> In this project, I build a F1 Driver Stats app using react and redux. The app style is based on the Original design idea by Nelson Sakwa on Behance
## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

### Tech Stack <a name="tech-stack"></a>

> This project uses the following stack :
<details>
  <summary>Client</summary>
  <ul>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/css/">CSS</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://www.w3schools.com/js/">JavaScript</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://reactnative.dev/">React</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://redux.js.org/">Redux</a></li>
    <li><a href="https://jestjs.io/">Jest test</a></li>
  </ul>
</details>

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Here are some key features of the application :
- **Driver categories fetch by api**
- **Drivers stats component fetch by api**
- **Use React Router to make the routes work**
- **Use Jest Snapshot for testing**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

deploy will be soon.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

> Clone the repository by clicking on the 'Code' button and copy the link

git@github.com:smunoz1988/metrics-react.git

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

- npm install
- npm start to run the server
- npm test to run jest tests

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

Example commands:

```sh
  cd my-folder
  git@github.com:smunoz1988/metrics-react.git
```

### Install

Install this project with:

- npm install
- npm start to run the server.

### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:
Open the index.html file in a web browser using live server

<!--
Example command:
```sh
  rails server
```
--->

### Run tests

To run tests, run the following command:
Use npm test for the mock Jest

Example command:

To run the stylehint linter

```sh
  npx stylehint "**/*.{css,scss}"
```

To run the ESLint linter

```sh
  npx eslint .
```

### Deployment

You can see the live version of this project using:

Deploy soon

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- AUTHORS -->

## 👥 Authors <a name="authors"></a>

👤 **Santiago Munoz**

- GitHub: [@smunoz](https://github.com/smunoz1988)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/Santiag24209785)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/santiago-munoz-0b2b1a260)

App design by:

👤 Nelson Sakwa.

- Behance: https://www.behance.net/sakwadesignstudio
- Original Design: https://www.behance.net/gallery/31579789/Ballhead-App-(Free-PSDs)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- Inlude data from F1 Teams

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project star it!

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank the Microverse team.

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [licensed](./LICENSE) .

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
